sequencer-relayer: update config to astria standard (#336)
astriaorg/astria: crates/astria-sequencer-relayer/README.md

# Astria Sequencer-Relayer

Sequencer-Relayer reads new blocks from [Astria Sequencer](../astria-sequencer)
(run as a proxy app of cometBFT), submits them to celestia (which is used as a
data availability layer), and gossips them over P2P, where they are usually read
by [Astria Conductor](../astria-conductor).

## Running Sequencer-Relayer

### Dependencies

We use [just](https://just.systems/man/en/chapter_4.html) for convenient project
specific commands.

### Configuration

> Composer is configured via environment variables. An example configuration can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sequencer-relayer is configured via environment variables. An example configuration can
```
